Alerting: Add toggle in Loki/Prometheus data source configuration to opt out of alerting UI (#36552)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/alerting/unified-alerting/alerting-rules/create-cortex-loki-managed-rule.md

## Preview alerts

To evaluate the rule and see what alerts it would produce, click **Preview alerts**. It will display a list of alerts with state and value of for each one.

> ## Opt-out a Loki or Prometheus datasource

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Opt-out a Loki or Prometheus data source
```

Reviewer: "data source" is always two words.

> If you do not want to allow creating rules for a particular Loki or Prometheus datasource, go to it's settings page and uncheck "Manage alerts via Alerting UI".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not want to allow creating rules for a particular Loki or Prometheus data source, go to its settings page and clear the **Manage alerts via Alerting UI** checkbox.
```
